I can now view the results of
the published information in
the Cabana client application
available at Cabana Dot Aiden,
Parkinson Dot XYZ Colon 5601.
To do this, I use the Discover
feature. Which is sad.
And I search for MQTT topic keyword.
That equals.
It's a barely message
Bluetooth lending message.
So if I put colon. The.
As it's string BLE. Slash.
Now. In the in my Raspberry
Pi terminal I can see that a.
MAC address being returned there is.
C8. Colon 8-9
C8. So C869CD2CO238.
And what I want to look at is
the Jason Play load of that.
So this one here. And I can now
update my Dark dashboard to filter.
For those messages for an messages with.
That empty tea topic keyword.
If I look at my latest result which was on.
February 18th Let me Clock.
I can then see the message returned by.
That barely broadcast device and
it and typically barely is that
it provides a encrypted message,
which is here in which I think is in binary.